understanding the B2B buying processes
is like having the ultimate
playbook we're still selling to people
regardless of what you're selling the
laws of psychology still apply many
think that B2B advertising only has to
use logic and information yet there is
so much more room to really use emotion
and entertainment because at the core
we're still chalking to a person so B2B
ads don't have to be
boring the goal of this course is to
accelerate your success to becoming a
high performing B2B marketer who knows
how to use advertising to drive legit
business and revenue
impact you'll walk away with a solid
understanding and Foundation of B2B
advertising without wasting your time
and money learning the ropes the hard
[Music]
way just like you wouldn't want to start
building a house on a cracked concrete
foundation the same is true for building
a paid media program
the goal of every lesson in this course
is to be as short as possible and as
actionable as possible we want to make
digital advertising training accessible
to everyone and that's why we're
providing it for free when we could be
easily charging for it I'm Britney
blankin and I'll be your instructor for
this course